pick a horse to ride - keep either redux2.py or redux2z.py or replace
both of them and start making our choice be the actual main
program/driver

pull out the unpack stuff and just replace with a call-out to
unpack-zip-files.py external program, which I'm maintaining anyway. No
sense duplicating code. If API changes, such as working on individual
files are needed, fix those in unpack-zip-files.py

clean up the config variables. The yaml file has a lot of undocumented
and old stuff in it. These can be moved to attic so we can focus on what
we're using. Keep as much as possible in yaml, reduce dependency on
environment variables (move env vars and magic values in the scripts
over to the config file). Probably the only one we should use is an env
var that holds where the source code lives. Make sure what we're doing
is portable to Linux, Windows, and Mac, even if we're not testing there.

create APIs for querying the database and returning data structures
needed in the computation. One example is creating a 2d array of people
by calls. There may be two versions of this needed - one is efficient,
filled with the database ID fields, and (perhaps) a second version may
be needed for pos-ref-alt-build tuples.

create APIs for wrapping familiar database objects to return the
contents. For example, return pos-ref-alt for a given variant ID

unit test infrastructure. Some is started in the form of api calls in a
"main" routine at the end of db.py and lib.py. Running lib.py runs that
simple driver and exercises many of the routines.

figure out tree storage - it seems like we should adopt a standard tree
storage format so trees can be passed around to other programs that can
do things with trees (e.g. dendropy). Fix the schema to support this if
necessary.

create an API and underlying routines for parsing a hg38 .vcf from FTDNA
and load the vcfcalls table. At the moment, we may need to do some
stubbing out of quality information, since it's not yet well represented
in the schema.

set up daily scrum meeting?
